hey guys it's me Savannah and today I'm
going to be making another haul video I
know you guys are probably disappointed
well a few of you who comment for me to
do a song and I was gonna sing blank
space I haven't memorized all the words
yet and I just really haven't had time
with all my exams and stuff which is why
I'm able to make this video because I
just studied for my biology exam and I
think I'm gonna do really well tomorrow
on it and then hopefully over this
weekend I'll be able to do more videos
just because for the first time in
forever um my language arts teacher
isn't actually giving me homework so
that's good but anyway first of all this
is a Bath & Body Works haul because i
went to Bath & Body Works less or not
last night tonight and spend some money
because they just had a lot of new stuff
there first I want to share with you
guys a product that i've been loving
it's the signature vanillas lemon
vanilla find fragrance mist this was
featured in my last haul and I just love
it i used the lotion today with this so
i love this but anyway let's just go
ahead and get stuff oh and by the way
the singing video will be coming next
either that or a lotion collection not
really sure yet um like I said it takes
me a little bit to learn the lyrics so I
know it's been out for a little while
and I haven't learned the lyrics yet but
I know some of them but anyway here is
my bag I like the original bags actually
better than the Christmas ones but well
the Christmas ones were cute but then
they kind of got old after a while and I
got like a lot of them so i did pay for
most of this stuff my mom just paid for
one item for me so yeah but anyway let's
just get started so I have my receipts
and my coupons are at the bottom of the
so the first thing that I seen here my
mom actually paid for for me because I
didn't have enough money I had like 20
something but she got me the medium
sized candle of limoncello I think
that's how you say it and I know I
already do have another one of this but
I have burned it and I just love this
candles so much that I wanted to get
another one just because it's just
amazing so this was the one that I had
before and this was the one that I got
tonight this was actually on sale for
four dollars whereas i got this one for
five dollars last time so was a dollar
off so that's good and then the rest of
the things or items that i got i paid
for myself
so first of all I got the vanilla wish
and apple fizz diamond shiver mist and
it just looks like this oh my god I love
the packaging I've never gotten anything
from this collection nor a diamond
shimmer mist and it's just super super
duper pretty and I actually put this on
this is very very very shimmery but oh
my gosh does this smell good and I
didn't have the regular fine fragrance
mist so yeah but I love this and this
would originally be sixteen dollars but
if you look on like that little sign it
tells you how much things are um so the
price was 16 and so it was on sale for
for that is a really good deal on this
okay next I have been wanting this
lotion for actually a while things are
bugging me I got the jingle Bellini of
body lotion it's just the regular 8
sized fluid ounce one and i love love
love the packaging sorry it's reflecting
off of the light but this was originally
eleven dollars and i got this for 275 I
was look at the front fragrance mist
last time for really cheap but not the
jingle blini the lemon vanilla one and
oh my gosh this one smells kind of like
peach bellini and it smells so good that
I had to get it because I mean the
semi-annual so it ends in like four days
now for three days now it tells you on
the website but i love that a so I'm
just gonna get all the coupons can I get
it okay so I have the save twenty
percent on your entire purchase one and
this goes from january twentieth so next
tuesday and then i just have the twenty
percent off your purchase online plus
free shipping with any orders of
twenty-five dollars or more but I don't
like order anything off of Bath & Body
Works website the rest in here is pocket
backs and I got 13 I was gonna get 15
but there were no two other ones that I
really wanted and I just got one of each
new one because I just I don't know i'm
just gonna start getting one of each new
one because otherwise i have too many
doubles and everything and know when I
show these and everything I'm not
trading these or anything because I only
have one of them okay so the first one I
have in here is pink crazy Daisy let me
focus that see you guys can see that a
little bit better and it's like a
bicycle and it has like a daisy as a
wheel and it's so cute if you want me to
do reviews on any of these by the way
just coming down
low they can be on my Instagram and if
you want me to put that down below I can
put that down below but yeah I will do
reviews on these on youtube too I have
Brazil pineapple punch I love all the
packaging's to all these these are so
cute they're all 175 too I have crisp
apples this one smells really good like
I thought it was just gonna be like your
normal Apple sent like farmstand Apple
but it smells amazing I didn't find the
lemon cello lemon solo I don't know how
to say that the limoncello one or the
hey honey bun one because they just they
didn't have those and I was really
disappointed cuz i really wanted those
two but then I got sorry I couldn't
figure out the name it scoped Copa
Cabana coconut okay I guess that's just
how I'm going to say it so Coco Copa
Cabana coconut oh my god this is so hard
to pronounce but yeah that's just how
I'm gonna go with it anyway I have
amazon rainforest orchid a lot of people
say or shade but it's orchid I haven't
smelled all these yet either I have
raspberry pink peony peony peony um they
actually did come out with this one year
I remember I just didn't get it or
anything so this is a repeat they did
have some repeats out by the way they
didn't have any like I will cook it or
anything so we have donuts donuts about
you and I was gonna try to make that
like so smooth to just looks like that
this smells kind of like salted caramel
that's why I didn't get like another one
of any of these because these alsa like
smell pretty similar to things so have
sweet tangerines onto my last five I
have jungle passion fruit like I said I
made sure that I didn't get like two of
each of them because there's just so
many new ones coming out that I just
cannot you know by two of each one we
have strawberry which this I think did
come out one year so we have cupcake
sweetie
while mango mojito and is that the last
one yes it is the last one Rio Samba
sunset I love the packaging on this one
so that is it for my bath and Bodyworks
hall I hope that you all really enjoyed
this video and I will go back to Bath
and Body Works probably the next time
when the semi-annual sale is over and
when the new pocket bags come well when
I can find them or anything I don't know
what I go to the mall I don't know I
haven't gone there yet but anyway thank
you guys so much for watching and my
next couple videos might be a singing 1
i'm not really sure yet it depends on
how much time I have and you know
because I am learning a new song for
this plan trying out for at my school so
i don't know if i'll be able to sing
blank space right now cuz i have to
memorize that song to audition so yeah
but anyway thank you guys so much for
watching and i will see you guys my next
video mmm bye guys